welcome i'm the wisecracker in warframe
and today we're going to take a look at
the bell community and what are we gonna
do first
well we're first gonna destroy that
filthy bastard which has all the
blueprint parts for this bell curve so
we're gonna kill Ella P and his son Luca
now that we killed Alexi we can finally
take a look at the build itself and as
you can see power duration and power
strength are the things I focused motion
I also put a redirection lot there
because the bell keyer has very low
shield but that's not important the most
important thing is the duration and the
strength for the ultimate ability but
first the other villainy first ability
is called the grid line where you shoot
out a hook to hook enemies and bring
them over to you like scorpions or you
can be spider-man and use your rip line
to go to higher places or just to swing
around like an idiot
nice to know that when you pull an enemy
towards you you do slash them
the second ability is called war crime
where you speed up your melee ability
and slow down your enemy
third ability is called paralysis where
the Valkyr unleashes her shield stunning
and damaging enemies all around her
doing impact damage and since we got a
lot of power strength it can even kill
enemies and if you are ever being chased
you can use this ability to shake off
your enemy
the fourth ability and the ultimate
ability is called Asteria where the vel
kyo turns into a beast with claws and
doing flips and shit
it's fantastic hysteria benefits from
the melee whether using melee weapon
with a high critical chance damage
multiplier and a high base damage makes
without gears even stronger but the best
thing about hysteria is that you become
invincible an invincible male a killing
machine
just sit back and relax and enjoy my
killing spree
you
thanks for watching I hope you enjoyed
the video about the folk here I got
another video of warframe I got the one
of the rip goose but if you like other
games as well I got a video about gta5
about racin
don't you like a race check it out